## Dec 14
@dart explained that the current flow of the system with regards to subscription is not off platform. The goal of offplatform subscription is to allow the customer's subscription to still pass and continue even if the customer's credit limit is less or insufficient. This way the customer's subscription to the plan would still continue and it is just up to admin to manage the discontinuation of the customer's subscription. 

the current workaround for this on the rise side is to give the customer a huge credit limit so that i wont be caught up if the customer's credit gets to the point of the limit. 

> Off platform -  meaning of off platform is that the service is not mainly managed by the main app (whitelabel). This is the case for rise as they are mainly using the whitelabel to manage their data on their customer wherease their physical work is done by their other personel/department which is outside the control of the whitelabel application. With the caes of Monopond, their product is hosted on the whitelabel platform. So their service is not considered off platform.

With the development of [[Off platform subscription]] feature, even if the credit of the customer is below the cost of the plan subscription. Their subscription would still continue. 

Off platform subscription extended scenarios;
- What is the charging order of a customer that has an/will-subscribe-to in-platform plan and off-platform plan. [read adr here](https://utinternational.jira.com/wiki/spaces/SKB/pages/2871754759/ADR+02+Charging+order+of+multiple+plans+with+off-platform+subscription.)
- 


---

There is a page that can serve as reference for context on Prepaid and postpaid invoice billing [here](https://utinternational.jira.com/wiki/spaces/SKB/pages/1940520986/Payment+Options+versus+Payment+Collection+Method+and+Billing+based+on+Subscription+Types#What-is-a-Payment-Option?) #billing.

---
## Dec 15:

Conversation with @kim about adding tax to the system (this is with connection to testing [[Off platform subscription]]): "*as far as I know is walang service para mag add so it's normally manual na pag add sa database. But I also think na may cron job for updating the [[Tax]]*"

(with regards on testing [[Off platform subscription]]) S3 Bucket on aws on the credit service might have to be changed so that the credit service can view and receive objects sent from the main app.

___
## Dec 16:
In conversation about [[Fax Plan]] and [[Number Plan]] in #monopond , shara said that rules for their product is "you can only have one plan subscription per product".