## Jan 4
[[Credits Limit]] works this way in our applications and one of the [[Business Rules]]:
1. consider a customer with [[Credits Limit]] of 90 USD. Now even if this said customer has no credit balance on their account, they can still subscribe to a plan as long as it can be covered by their credit limit (in our example: 90 USD). So a customer can subscribe to per say a 90 USD plan.
2. And for a scenario that the customer has used some of his [[Credits Limit]] by subscribing to a plan. If they wish to subscribe again to another plan or switch SMS plans. As long as they have enough credits limit, the application will allow it since it can still be covered and not reach the limit. 
3. [[Credits Limit]] can only be added by admin or with admin access to the application.

## Jan 6
- [[Business Rules]] for plan switches(upgrade and downgrade) is that: 
	- A.) when upgrading a plan, the activation will happen immediately. 
	- B.) Whereas when downgrading a plan, activation for plan downgrade will happen on the next activation period. Example: January 6, then you want to downgrade plan. Then the activation for downgrade will happen on February 6.

- What `internal` means in our [[API]] is that it's a communication between service to service only (back-end level) communication with services that is allowed inside the network. And is not exposed to the Front End (User Interface).
- One of the [[Business Rules]] for [[Rebate]]: Once an added rebate to a customer has been "reversed" (Rebate reversal) it cannot be undone.

## Jan 9
- the `version` column in most tables in [[Whitelabel-main app]] are due to GORM's default to put [Pessimistic Locking](https://www.baeldung.com/jpa-pessimistic-locking) on the entities of the application. By this, most tables in the whitelabel database have the `version` column, and this also adds advantages to the entity table. And in layman's term, Pessimistic (application level) and Optimistic(database level) locking are used for data integrity, making sure that the data you change is updated. 
- When performing the [[Migrate Rebate to accounting service]] task, it was talked about that the version column that is present on [[Whitelabel-main app]] is okay to not be included on the migration due to the fact that there is no feature on our software products that allow users to edit the rebate (hence the need for pessimistic locking is not strictly needed).

## Jan 10

### Question to ask to team lead and members on stand up about rebate migration
1. What was the decision to keep the "Write to accounting document table when a rebate/rebateReversal is being processed"?

2. In the RebateService.java (main app) whenever a rebate-reversal process has been successful, a notification is sent via NotificationService (`sendReadableNotificationToUser(user, readableNotificationType,notificationMessage, tenant)`). Now the question is, do we have to also create a NotificationService on Accounting service to migrate the process of "sending readable notification to user"? And if not, how would we like to have the solution for this or somewhat a workaround.

3. In `createRebate()` function in RebateService.java (main app), data on `currentUser` was fetched and is needed when creating a rebate (used for `createdById` field when creating rebate). What should be the workaround for this, knowing that the user and tenant data is on the `whtielabel` database? 

---

- [x] confirm if the NotificationService sends rebate notification to the [[Notifications]] table. (confirmed)
```text
Controller: NotificationController
Service: NotificationService
Domain entity: ReadableNotification
```
